Fixing broken link in CaaS blog (#78)
chaos-mesh/website: blog/2021-06-25-chaos-mesh-remake-one-step-closer-toward-chaos-as-a-service.md

### Plugins

Chaos Mesh has limited support for plugins. You can only [add a new Chaos](https://chaos-mesh.org/docs/development_guides/develop_a_new_chaos/) by registering a CRD in Kubernetes API. This brings about two problems:

* You must develop the plugin using Golang, the same language in which Chaos Mesh is written.
* You must merge the extended code into the Chaos Mesh project. Because Chaos Mesh doesn't have a security mechanism like Berkeley Packet Filter (BPF), merging plugin code may introduce extra risks.

To enable full plugin support, we need to explore a new method to add plugins. As Chaos Mesh essentially carries out chaos experiments based on CRD, a chaos experiment only requires generating, listening to, and deleting CRDs. In this regard, we have several ideas worth trying:

* Develop a controller or operator to manage CRDs.
* Handle CRD events uniformly and operate on CRDs via HTTP callback. This method only uses HTTP APIs, with no requirement on Golang. For an example, see [Whitebox Controller](https://github.com/summerwind/whitebox-controller).

> * Use WebAssembly (Wasm). When you need to call chaos experiment logic, just call the Wasm program. See Vector's [WASM Transform](https://webcache.googleusercontent.com/search?q=cache:aR1ZIlTwz9sJ:https://vector.dev/docs/r[…]uration/transforms/wasm/+&cd=1&hl=zh-CN&ct=clnk&gl=jp).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Use WebAssembly (Wasm). When you need to call chaos experiment logic, just call the Wasm program. See Vector's [WASM Transform](https://vector.dev/docs/reference/transforms/wasm/).

```

Reviewer: Just checked! The original link works again now, for some reason...
